Name: Shantanu Bhattacharya
Date: 23/09/2019
Project: 03-Text-adventure-1
Peer's repository: https://github.com/bgvaughn/03-Text-adventure.git



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
-> The order of the json file was great, and it reflected some really hard work.
   I also liked how my peer kept the story short instead of having large chunks at once like me.
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
-> I would love to keep the story short and terse as my peer did.
   Havig large chunks all at once is something I want to avoid from now.
 

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
-> When I ran the file "main.py" I was bombarded with errors and it was not a good time 
   as even the readme file contained no explanation. 
   I would suggest my peer to just follow the proffesors directions a little better.
   My peer's hard work is clearly reflected in the json file, thus my peer is definetly a hard worker,
   my peer just seems to have been confused with the game engine.
   I would like to say that a working game engine was provided by the professor.
   My peer worked hard but should have just asked for a little help with the engine a part.
   The json file was really diffrent with uncommon verbs and very unclear directions.
   I think they needed a little more help with the json file as well.


What could have been clearer or better commented?
-> I would have been great to have some kind of readme file to understand my peers problem.
   It is always great to have the LICENSE but the readme file is just as important.
 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
-> Just not having the working game engine even when it was provided on canvas, 
   was a little confusing and having really uncommon verbs to interact with the game with no 
   directions. My peer should have asked for a little help.
   It was a good effort.
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
-> Yes it does.
 

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
-> Everything, like their respective problems with the assignments and all the other gerat 
   things about these assignments.
   Explainig the problems you are having or had can also teach other people reading the readme 
   and help them understand your problems.
 

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
-> My peer really worked real hard on this project and I realize that and respect that,
   It was a great effort and the json file was well structured.

